I want you
To secretly steal Qín Ruò Yǔ’s fashion designs
And send them to me
President Qín, please believe me
I was truly wrong
I won’t dare do it again
About that video
I’ll help you handle it
You can go now
Thank you, Young Master Qín
President Fù
How are you going to explain this to me?
About this matter
Everyone
Since Ruò Yǔ left Fù Shì
Fù Shì’s cooperative orders
Have drastically declined
To maintain normal company operations
Fù Shì had to call for submissions
But shamelessly copied the works of the submitters
Why slander Fù Shì?
If you have evidence, show it
Evidence, you say?
Ladies and gentlemen
These
Are all documents
From Fù Shì’s real designers
A collective accusation letter
From social media
Don’t worry, President Fù
Our Qín Shì
Will do our utmost to help them win the lawsuit
Don’t think a few photos
Can slander Fù Shì
If Fù Shì really copied
Why didn’t the designers accuse them themselves?
Why did Young Master Qín have to do it for them?
I’m accusing Fù Shì of copying
That’s right
I also want to accuse Fù Shì of copying
It’s copying
Isn’t it?
Right?